contributor: add workflow (#40)
pingcap/community: contributors/workflow.md

```

## Step 4: Develop

### Edit the code

You can now edit the code on the `myfeature` branch.

### Run stand-alone mode

If you want to reproduce and investigate an issue, you may need
to run TiDB in stand-alone mode.

```sh
# Build the binary.
make server

# Run in stand-alone mode. The data is stored in `/tmp/tidb` by default.
bin/tidb-server
```

Then you can connect to TiDB with mysql client.

```sh
mysql -h127.0.0.1 -P4000 -uroot test
```

If you are using MySQL client 8, you may get the `ERROR 1105 (HY000): Unknown
charset id 255` error. To solve it, you can add `--default-character-set utf8`
in MySQL client 8's arguments:

```sh
mysql -h127.0.0.1 -P4000 -uroot test --default-character-set utf8
```

### Run Test

Build and run all tests:

```sh
# build and run unit test to make sure all test passed.
make dev

# Check checklist before you move on.
make checklist
```

You can also run a single unit test in a file. For example, to run test
`TestToInt64` in file `types/datum.go`:

```sh
cd types
GO111MODULE=on go test -check.f TestToInt64
```

## Step 5: Keep your branch in sync

```sh
# While on your myfeature branch.
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/master
```

> Please don't use `git pull` instead of the above `fetch`/`rebase`. `git pull`

Author: Yeah. But when we discuss the situation where contributors want to sync the local `master` branch with the remote `master` branch, `git pull` should be forced to be used. The reasons are described in this section.

does a merge, which leaves merge commits. These make the commit history messy
and violate the principle that commits ought to be individually understandable
and useful (see below). You can also consider changing your `.git/config` file
via `git config branch.autoSetupRebase` always to change the behavior of `git pull`.

## Step 6: Commit

Commit your changes.

```sh
git commit
```

Likely you'll go back and edit/build/test some more then `commit --amend` in a
few cycles.

## Step 7: Push

When ready to review (or just to establish an offsite backup or your work),
push your branch to your fork on `github.com`:

```sh
git push --set-upstream ${your_remote_name} myfeature
```

## Step 8: Create a pull request

1. Visit your fork at `https://github.com/$user/tidb`.

> 2. Click the `Compare & Pull Request` button next to your `myfeature` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the `Compare & Pull Request` button next to your `myfeature` branch.
3. Fill in the required information in the PR template.
```

### Get a code review

> Once your pull request has been opened, it will be assigned to one or more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pull request (PR) is opened, it will be assigned to one or more
```

reviewers. Those reviewers will do a thorough code review, looking for

> correctness, bugs, opportunities for improvement, documentation and comments,

Author: I think we should keep the original description, because in the next line, we have `and style` to end the statement.

and style.

Commit changes made in response to review comments to the same branch on your
fork.

Very small PRs are easy to review. Very large PRs are very difficult to review.

### Reverting a commit
In case you wish to revert a commit, use the following instructions.

If you have upstream write access, please refrain from using the Revert button

> in the GitHub UI for creating the PR, because GitHub will create the PR branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the GitHub UI for creating the PR, because GitHub will create the PR branch
```

inside the main repository rather than inside your fork.

> Create a branch and sync it with upstream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a branch and synchronize it with the upstream:
```

```sh
# create a branch
git checkout -b myrevert

# sync the branch with upstream
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/master
```

If the commit you wish to revert is a merge commit:

```sh
# SHA is the hash of the merge commit you wish to revert
git revert -m 1 SHA
```

> If the commit you wish to revert is a single commit:

Author: I've removed these confusion statements. Now the topic is focused on how to revert a merged commit.

```
# SHA is the hash of the single commit you wish to revert
git revert SHA
```

This will create a new commit reverting the changes. Push this new commit to
your remote:

```sh
git push ${your_remote_name} myrevert
```

> Create a Pull Request using this branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a PR based on this branch.
```
